Hahahaha Zhang Fuqiang untie me first
Teach this family a good lesson
Ah!
As expected of Zhang Fuqiang of Wu Shuangjun
The strength is indeed extraordinary
Wu Shuang, did you see it?
Zhang Fuqiang is here today
No matter what means are used, it will be dead today
Wang Shaoguang let them die here, it's too cheap for them
I can sell their whole family to Royal Foreign
Let them mine there forever and ever
Never get ahead in life
That's not a bad idea.
I want to dig out all the ancestral graves of his Lu family
Let their whole family live forever
A mere thousand rich families
Dare to go and talk wildly
I am a rich family of the Peerless Army
What I say in this country is what I say
Zhang Hao, a wealthy family, dares to be so arrogant
Ruin the reputation of the Wushuang Army
How dare you insult the Peerless Army?
I see you are really courting death